{
    "Name": "Hisoka Morow",
    "Physical Features": {
        "Hair": "Blue",
        "Eyes": "Blue",
        "Height": "187 cm",
        "Weight": "91 kg",
        "Blood": "B",
        "Gender": "Male"
    },
    "Affiliation": "Hunter Association, Heavens Arena",
    "Previous affiliation": "Phantom Troupe",
    "Status": "Alive",
    "Birthday": "June 6",
    "Age": null,
    "Type": "Transmutation",
    "Relatives": null,
    "Appearance": "Hisoka's appearance is similar to that of a magician or jester. He is tall and has light skin and a very muscular physique. His attire is usually adorned with various suit symbols  on the front and back torso, and he changes outfits in each story arc. He wears face paint of a star  on his right cheek and a teardrop  on his left cheek, and like his attire, in the 2011 anime, his face paint also occasionally changes colors. During the Greed Island arc, Hisoka wears the Greed Island Ring on his left middle finger. And in the 13th Hunter Chairman Election arc, Hisoka wears a pair of earrings with ornamental hearts.  For unknown reasons, Hisoka has long, pointed nails, giving his hands a claw-like appearance, hinting at his sinister nature.In his first appearance in the 1999 anime series, Hisoka's hair is blue. After a revamp of the show, it was replaced with a red or almost neon pink color to be in accordance with the manga. In the 2011 anime, Hisoka has red hair and light amber eyes. In the manga, during the Yorknew City arc, Hisoka dyes his hair light green. These dynamic variations in appearance illustrate the complexity of his character.His spider tattoo was located on the middle of his back, with the number 4 on the spider's abdomen, but the tattoo was fake.During his time in the Black Whale, he lets his hair down and wears a grey sleeveless vest with black areas on his shoulders over a white shirt along with black pants.",
    "Personality": "Hisoka is portrayed as entirely self-serving and self-absorbed; he does whatever he likes as long as it pleases him in some way. His insatiable love for spilling the blood of powerful fighters in combat and his enjoyment of extreme pain while doing so fuels his seemingly sadomasochistic desires. In order for them to grow to their full potential , Hisoka allows the main protagonists to live in situations wherein he is easily able to kill them. Likewise, he grows excited to meet new people he deems worthy of fighting or anyone with the potential to be a good fighter and entertain him in the future. The thrill of fighting strong Nen users in tactical battles and near-death experiences is an orgasmic experience for him. It is likely one of the reasons why he goes out of his way to find new toys to play with. If they break, he either loses interest or kills them before going out to find more potential prey.With his manipulative and self-centered nature, Hisoka is essentially a murderous sociopath. While he does like Gon, Killua, and many others, he has stated that for him, what is valuable one day could easily become trash the next, and he will not hesitate to kill anyone should they not meet his standards. He does not care for what has happened in the past, as he is only interested in what could be amusing to him in the future or present. While Hisoka's nature tends to be malevolent, he isn't an indiscriminate killer. He has no problems killing anyone regardless of age or sex; however, he only kills people who are in his way or those he deems \"worthy\". As such, his character is more simply amoral than flat out evil. He even assists the protagonists if there is \"fun\" in doing so or if it will make them stronger leading to a more entertaining fight in the future. Above all else, Hisoka cares only about having fun and a good challenge which may or may not involve killing people. He has a nasty habit of skipping out on Spider meetings. He also can be a whimsical liar and has a tendency to freak out or play cruel jokes on his victims. Just witnessing their uncomfortable expressions because of him getting under their skin pleases him. His chaotic nature is inherent in everything he does and makes him dangerously unpredictable.Hisoka has displayed a morbid attraction to fight powerful fighters, or people with Nen who have the potential to become strong, which is expressed through barely repressible murderous tendencies; neither age nor gender do seem to influence his desire to fight them. He has expressed a desire to fight or kill random victims just to satiate his bloodlust. After his defeat at the hands of Chrollo, Hisoka's sociopathic nature has taken itself to worse heights by vowing to kill all the members of the Phantom Troupe even if they were defenseless and claiming he will no longer let his opponents fight in their preferred conditions. However, he did temporarily spare Machi, who has been an implied interest of Hisoka's as a potential opponent he likes to flirt with or as a romantic interest, although he stated it was so she could warn the Troupe of his intentions.Hisoka often exhibits androgynous characteristics throughout the series, manifested in his wearing of \"women's\" shoes and using an alluring speech style typically reserved for females in Japanese. In the manga, he ends nearly every sentence with a suit symbol.Despite his calm and composed personality, he can express his emotion comically in some situations. An example is when Gon becomes honest and rather innocent about his question of why Hisoka was in Greed Island. Another example is his stunned face when he learns he could not fight Chrollo after Kurapika's Judgment Chain.",
    "Background": "Hisoka speaks little of his past because he is uninterested in it. It is revealed, however, that Hisoka joined the Phantom Troupe under false pretenses at some point after the Kurta massacre, and about two years before the events in Yorknew City, after replacing the previous #4. Around the same time, he \"initiated\" Kastro to Nen at the Heavens Arena, sensing potential in him. He then took part in the 286th Hunter Exam, during which he murdered 20 examinees. He was disqualified for almost killing an examiner during his first attempt. During his time in the Phantom Troupe, Hisoka may have shirked his duty of attending their meetings, as Machi made sure to let him know that attendance at the upcoming one in Yorknew City was mandatory for all members  and the leader might personally come after him for skipping out, and Franklin later asked her if she was sure Hisoka would be present, which she was not.It is said that he named both of his techniques after a candy brand and a chewing gum brand he liked when he was a kid, implying that they may have been named \"Texture Surprise\" and \"Bungee Gum\" respectively.",
    "Plot": {
        "Hunter Exam arc": "Hisoka, applicant #44, is seen as a heavy contender throughout the Hunter Exam. He first appears as another applicant bumps into him without apologizing; shortly afterward the applicant's arms are severed and removed from his body. Tonpa explains to Gon, Kurapika, and Leorio that he failed the previous year's exam after nearly killing a proctor he did not approve of. He effortlessly keeps up with Satotz when the first trial begins. When they reach the Milsy Wetlands and a Man-faced Ape tries to pass himself off as the real examiner, Hisoka throws cards at both him and Satotz, killing the monkey, whereas Satotz blocks his attack, leading Hisoka to declare he is the real proctor. The incident rouses his appetite for murder and, when the fog descends, he \"plays examiner\" and attacks the surrounding applicants, among which are Kurapika and Leorio, with the intent to kill.Numerous examinees gang surround him but he dispatches them without effort, until only Cherry, Leorio, and Kurapika remain. The three split up and run away, which Hisoka judges a smart move. He begins to count down from ten, but Leorio returns to fight him. The magician easily dodges his strike but is suddenly struck by Gon's fishing rod. He praises the boy and knocks out Leorio, and, when Gon tries to intervene, lightly clutches his throat. He determines that both Leorio and Gon will make fine Hunters. An examinee known as \"Gittarackur\" contacts him to lead him to the site of the Second Phase, and Hisoka leaves with the unconscious Leorio on his shoulder. He kills any beast that attacks him as well as Cherry and makes it to the location of the second trial. He shoots his bloodlust at Gon to allow him to find Leorio. At Buhara's request, he slays and cooks a Great Stamp. He is, however, stumped when Menchi demands to be served sushi. He fails her first test, but passes the amended one.When Satotz, Menchi, and Buhara discuss the batch of examinees, Buhara picks Hisoka as his top contender and notes that he released the largest amount of negative aura during Todo's outburst. Menchi and Satotz confirm that he constantly exuded bloodlust as if to provoke them. The latter also remarks that Hisoka is their equal and bears watching. Meanwhile, the magician makes a house of cards and, when he is done, knocks it down, chuckling loudly. In the Third Phase, Hisoka is targeted by Togari for having nearly killed him during the previous Hunter Exam. Hisoka, however, catches his spinning blades and beheads him, expressing his disappointment. He is the first to pass through the Trick Tower, having taken 6 hours and 17 minutes.For the Fourth Phase, the remaining examinees are shipped to Zevil Island in order to take part in a week-long manhunt among themselves to capture their respective target's number plate. He is the first to disembark, due to his ranking in the previous trial. Hisoka spends his first two days on Zevil Island in idleness. Gittarackur offers to tell him who his target is, but he declines, stating he will just take three random tags. His wounds attract hemotropic butterflies that feed on blood, leading his \"predator\", Gon, to him. Hisoka fails to sense him, but detects Goz hiding nearby, who challenges him to a duel. Despite understanding his opponent is dying and that he wants to end his life as a warrior, Hisoka does not fight back, since he is \"uninterested in the dead\". Gittarackur then appears and finishes Goz off. Hisoka realizes he decided to honor the dying man's last request. Gittarackur hands him another examinee's number plate. When night falls, Hisoka decides to get himself two other tags.He spots Leorio and Kurapika, but, fascinated with their resolve, he allows them to leave unharmed in exchange for a number plate. Their potential and quick development whet his bloodlust, impelling him to find someone to kill. He comes across Agon, whom he immediately kills. As he does so, he has his badge stolen by Gon, who has been tailing him. While going after him, Hisoka finds and decapitates Geretta, who turns out to be his target. He praises Gon's stealth and technique and leaves him his badge. Gon refuses to accept the favor, but Hisoka blasts him with a right hook and leaves after challenging him to do the same. Having obtained the necessary number of plates, Hisoka qualifies for the Final Phase. Interviewed by Isaac Netero, he states he wants a Hunter License to attain impunity and that the applicants who caught his attention the most are Killua and Gon. He also declares he would prefer to fight neither of them, especially not Gon, and challenges Netero, but is casually dismissed.The Final Phase of the exam is an elimination tournament in which the winner of a match is removed from the candidate list and receives his very own Hunter License, and the loser is given more chance. Hisoka frowns when Hanzo threatens to break Gon's arm. He laughs when the boy refuses to give up and states he would also prefer not to have his leg cut off. Hisoka's first match is against Kurapika. After tussling for a while, he whispers something to Kurapika, then he forfeits the match.His next opponent is Bodoro. It was a one-sided match, but Bodoro doesn't want to surrender. Hisoka knocks him down and whispers something to him. Right after this, Bodoro admits defeat and Hisoka becomes a licensed Hunter. When the exam is over, he is surprised to see Gon lift Illumi in the air. He has a short conversation with Illumi about Gon and the Zoldyck Family and warns Illumi not to touch Gon because the boy is his target only.",
        "Heavens Arena arc": "Hisoka follows Gon and Killua to the Heavens Arena and with his Ren prevents the duo from entering the 200th floor until they are able to use Nen, declaring them not ready. Gon and Killua return after learning Ten from Wing. Hisoka allows both of them to pass and tells Gon if he can win one match on the 200th floor, he might consider fighting him. He becomes excited when he sees Gon enter a state of Zetsu against Gido. A fighter at Heavens Arena named Kastro fights Hisoka to avenge his past loss. At the beginning of the fight, Kastro seems to have the upper hand, landing some blows on Hisoka from unimaginable positions and angles, gaining a 4-0 lead. When Kastro prepares his Tiger Bite Fist, Hisoka willingly gives him his left arm, but has the right one severed instead. The exchange allows him to figure out Kastro's secret, the use of a Nen double. When Kastro declares he will take Hisoka's left arm next, Hisoka remarks he may feel more eager to take the fight seriously. He performs a series of magic tricks seemingly for no reason. After Kastro sends his double to chop off his left arm, Hisoka's right arm magically reappears. He states Kastro will dance himself to death and proceeds to tell him apart from his clone and dodge its attacks, claiming the flaw of the ability is that the clone never shows any damage, and as an Enhancer Kastro has insufficient \"memory\" for such a complex Conjuration technique. As he completes the explanation, he hits Kastro in the chin using his severed left arm then kills Kastro by stabbing him with the cards on the ground.After the fight, Hisoka pays Machi to reattach both his arms, concealing the seams with a combination of Bungee Gum and Texture Surprise. It is revealed that Hisoka pretended to be holding back against the Kastro by concealing part of his aura with In, and that he resorted to his brutal magic tricks to prevent Kastro from figuring it out. When his right arm was severed, he connected it to the stump with Bungee Gum, whereas he linked the right one to Kastro's chin. He used the same ability to send the cards he had previously scattered on the ground flying at Kastro, setting the technique up during another magic trick.Machi then tells him that everyone in the Phantom Troupe must meet up in Yorknew City at noon at the end of August, and that Chrollo might punish him if he skips another gathering. He invites her to spend the evening with him, but she leaves before he finishes his invitation. As he showers, he peels off the fake spider tattoo on his back, which he made from a piece of cloth using his Texture Surprise ability. After Gon defeats Gido and Riehlvelt, he declares himself willing to fight the boy. They decide to have their showdown at the Heavens Arena on July 10th.On the day of the match, Hisoka can barely contain his excitement. He easily repels all of Gon's attacks without moving from his original position, until Gon uses a flagstone as a diversion and succeeds in punching him in the face. Hisoka accepts to take his badge back. He deduces Gon is an Enhancer and explains his personality-based Nen test, revealing he is a Transmuter. He then begins to fight for real, surpassing Gon in both speed and strength. When Gon attempts to keep his distance, Hisoka pulls him towards himself with Bungee Gum and punches him hard. He offers to let Gon strike him if he can tell him when he attached Bungee Gum, giving him three options, only to reveal the correct one was a fourth one, and that Gon could not have prevented him from using the ability. Realizing he cannot escape, Gon charges at him. Hisoka is so delighted with his initiative he has a hard time preventing himself from killing him, letting himself be beaten up by Gon until he regains his composure. While Gon complains to the judge, he attaches the strand of aura on Gon's cheek to a rock and tricks him into being hit, winning the match. He then leaves after telling Gon that the next time they fight, it will be to the death.",
        "Yorknew City arc": "On August 31st, Hisoka meets the other members of the Phantom Troupe in an abandoned building in Yorknew City, where their leader gives the order to rob the Mafia Community of the Underground Auction items. On the night of September 1st, he listens intently to Chrollo's conversation on the phone with Uvogin about a traitor and leaves the hideout to meet up with Kurapika. He texts him to meet as arranged, and, when they do, tells Kurapika what he knows about the Phantom Troupe, that he joined the Troupe only to fight Chrollo, and that they should team up because they share a common interest. He offers Kurapika information about the abilities of seven Spiders in return. Before giving his reply, Kurapika enquires about the Scarlet Eyes, which Hisoka reckons have been already sold. Alerted by Melody that Uvogin escaped, Kurapika leaves after stating he will give his answer the following day at the same time.The next day, he has an unexpected meeting with Gon and Killua after the two were captured and brought to the Troupe's hideout. They pretend not to know each other and Hisoka seemingly notices Killua realizes the \"Chain Dude\" is none other than Kurapika. Despite his liking for Gon, he cannot do anything to help them and even threatens to slit Killua's throat with a card if the boy makes any move without permission. Since Nobunaga is busy watching Gon and Killua, Machi is forced to pair up with Hisoka. That night, he receives the order to create a commotion before stealing the auction loot. However, he only stands on the top of a building admiring the massacre, but he entered the fight sometime later since a Mafia member states that there are about 10 Spiders attacking them. After the death of the Ten Dons, the Spiders take over the auction killing everyone in their way, with Hisoka lighting Bean's cigarette instants before Machi kills him. They then use Kortopi\u2019s ability to fake the deaths of several Troupe members and to create copies of the auction items, selling the fakes at the rescheduled auction. Like the other Spiders, he passes himself off as auction staff and hides from Kurapika when the latter comes to retrieve the fake Scarlet Eyes. Afterward, Hisoka wants to tell Kurapika that the corpses of several Troupe's members left behind are fake, but fails to contact him.On September 4th, Chrollo announces his intention to leave Yorknew City. When Nobunaga protests, he uses the Lovely Ghostwriter ability he stole from Neon on him and Shizuku, learning that tangling with the \"Chain Dude\" will lead to the death of five other members. Hisoka sends a message to Kurapika, telling him about the fake corpses as part of his plan to force the Spiders to remain in Yorknew City, so he can fight Chrollo. The Troupe leader then writes fortunes for nearly all members, including Hisoka. The magician's prophecy exposes his treachery and promises he would fight Chrollo the following Tuesday, by which time half the Spiders would be dead. When Pakunoda insists on reading it, he alters it with Texture Surprise, implying that he will die if he leaves the hideout. The Spiders initially interpret his forged fortune as a sign of his betrayal, but, when Nobunaga is about to clash with him, Chrollo falls into Hisoka's trap and suggests that the \"Chain Dude\" is forcing him to cooperate. His manipulation is successful and Chrollo decides to remain in the city. He is partnered up with Franklin and Bonolenov and left at the hideout while half the other members set out to kill the \"Chain Dude\".When he learns Chrollo has been captured by Kurapika, he hires Illumi to disguise as himself and act as his double in the Troupe's hideout so that he can leave and fight Chrollo alone. The two switch places while Kalluto distracts Franklin and Bonolenov. He tails Pakunoda to Lingon Airport, threatening to kill Gon and Killua if Kurapika does not allow him to get on the blimp. When the hostage exchange terminates, he reveals to Chrollo his fake membership status and challenges him to a duel, but to his great disappointment, Chrollo can no longer use Nen. Hisoka spares his life and leaves, telling Pakunoda that he has never been attracted to broken toys and that the present already differs from the contents of his fortune. He walks away without returning to the hideout.",
        "Greed Island arc": "Hisoka heads to Greed Island in search of an Exorcist for Chrollo. He uses Chrollo's name to enter the game to send a signal to any Spiders who would enter the game. He hangs around the spell card shop in Masadora, reckoning that is where he will be able to meet the greatest number of players. Gon comes close enough to him that he shows up in his contact list, and the same occurs with Shizuku, Franklin, Shalnark, and Phinks. He approaches them to reveal his identity and offer to take the Exorcist to Chrollo once they find one. While Gon, Killua, Biscuit, and Goreinu look to beat Razor and his pirates, Gon insists on finding out who the \"Chrollo\" in his binder is. They fly to him as he bathes in a lake. Sensing the two boys have improved, he determines Biscuit to be their teacher. He tells them he came to the island to find Chrollo, as he fears they would try to stop him if he revealed he is looking for an Exorcist. At Biscuit's request, he accepts to play against Razor's group.Hisoka pretends not to know what spells are and takes the group to the nearby Aiai, where he spends his free time, to find other players. However, the romantic clich\u00e9s prove to be too distracting. Killua begins to suspect that Hisoka has met other members of the Phantom Troupe on the island and is hiding it from everyone. When Gon asks him to check his contacts to know if he has met Tsezguerra, Hisoka conceals the names of the Spiders with Texture Surprise. He contacts the Single-Star Hunter for the group. They form an alliance and Hisoka volunteers to play soccer juggling on account of his Bungee Gum. After one week, they head to Soufrabi. The group wins three games, after which Razor challenges the remaining players to a dodgeball match. When Razor kills a rebellious Bopobo, Hisoka reveals to his team the game is taking place in real life. Shortly after the start of the game, Gon gives Hisoka the ball, so he can throw it and retrieve it with Bungee Gum. He eliminates one of Razor's Devils, but Razor combines two of them to prevent him from getting the ball back. He narrowly escapes a shoot ball thrown by Razor, which is then intercepted by one of his Demons. Hisoka catches its throw with the aid of Bungee Gum, at the cost of breaking two fingers.Hisoka admires Gon's Rock ecstatically. When Razor manages to deflect his throw, Hisoka snatches the ball with Bungee Gum, forcing him to use up his freebie. To retrieve the ball from Razor, Gon, Hisoka, and Killua create a three-person formation where Hisoka is in charge of preventing the ball from bouncing off after Gon catches it. They succeed and Gon shoots the ball with his last, most powerful Rock. Razor bumps it back at him, but Gon passes out from exhaustion, so the ball misses him. Hisoka catches and throws it back with Bungee Gum, sticking it to Razor's hands so he cannot deflect it again, at the cost of 10 broken fingers. Razor is pushed out of bounds, resulting in the team's victory. Hisoka leaves them, and his parting words cause Killua to realize he was indeed lying.Phinks takes Hisoka to where the other Spiders are after they locate the Exorcist. He inquires how the Troupe managed to find him, and when they refuse to answer, he wonders if it could be the work of the person hiding behind a tree nearby and threatens to vent his arousal against them if they do not come out. Kalluto, Hisoka's replacement in the Troupe, walks out, and Hisoka expresses his approval of him. He then asks Machi, between him and Chrollo, who she'd prefer survive and what she would do if he killed Chrollo, to which Machi replies she would hunt him down and kill him. He smiles and states he would like that. A few weeks later, he leaves the island with Abengane after the latter has successfully deactivated Genthru's Countdown.",
        "Chimera Ant arc": "Having left the game, Hisoka and Abengane are seen approaching Chrollo as he reads an issue of Weekly Sh\u014dnen Jump.",
        "13th Hunter Chairman Election arc": "Hisoka is next seen during the first round of the 13th Hunter Chairman Election looking for Ging. He secretly rates the Hunters on the scene using a scale of his own and is apparently quite happy with the power of some members of the Zodiacs: Kanzai, Ginta, and Pyon. He then casts a blank vote after showing it to them, which annoys Kanzai. After that, he sits there scouting out the crowd. While sizing up the pro-Hunters present at the election site, Hisoka is disappointed by their power levels and thinks to himself that if they are this weak, he might consider fighting the Zodiacs next. Suddenly he feels the presence of someone strong, who turns out to be Illumi. Illumi then tells Hisoka about what happened during the Chimera Ant crisis, the death of Chairman Netero, Alluka\u2014his younger sister, and the current situation with Gon and Killua.Hisoka and Illumi are next seen talking to each other in an airship bar. Illumi explains the rules related to Alluka's ability to him and tells him if Killua dies from Alluka's power while trying to heal Gon, a lot of people, including the Zoldycks, Gon, and even Hisoka, will die as well. Fearing that Killua will do it wrong, Illumi asks Hisoka to help him kill Alluka. Later, as Killua, Alluka, and their butlers are on their way to Gon's hospital, Illumi manipulates some drivers and crashes their vehicles into Killua's car, causing it to fall into a forest below. Watching from a distance, Illumi tells Hisoka to eliminate the butlers but Hisoka asks if he can kill Killua. Illumi suddenly releases a murderous aura and warns him. Hisoka says he is just kidding. It is then revealed that he provoked Illumi on purpose to let Killua know his location because he too wants Gon to be saved.He then confronts Gotoh, Amane, and Canary, who are left behind after Killua uses his Godspeed ability to escape with Alluka. Gotoh tells the other butlers to go ahead and let him deal with Hisoka. At first, his Bungee Gum ability seems to be neutralized by Gotoh's ability to fire coins with power superior to bullets, but Hisoka manages to adapt quickly and uses his Bungee Gum to fire the coins back, forcing him to shoot more coins to deflect them, with that distraction Hisoka is able to drop in on him and slit his throat.Hisoka and Illumi arrive at Parasta Airport, where Killua uses an airship as transportation to escape them. Hisoka suggests that they should ambush Killua in the hospital, but Illumi claims the assassination will fail if they do so because Killua's friends are there. Illumi thinks of asking for help, prompting Hisoka to ask if he has any other acquaintances. Illumi instead reveals an ability to manipulate a person's actions through a Nen-imbued needle. Illumi asks Hisoka if he can hunt the \"misses\" for him, and Hisoka gladly accepts.Hisoka and Illumi talk over the phone after killing their attackers. Hisoka informs Illumi that he has found a map detailing the aircraft's paths and destinations. He offers to send Illumi a copy, albeit one that is altered by his Texture Surprise. Unfortunately, Illumi says that he also has a map from one of the attackers and that he already knows which aircraft Killua and Alluka are.Although he is shown to be Illumi's comrade his bloodlust seems to get the better of him, this is shown when Illumi finds Killua, Hisoka is seen hiding in the trees trying to decide who to kill if to kill Alluka and gain Killua's hatred or leave Alluka alive save Gon and make Illumi his enemy. He then questions himself by thinking that maybe he should kill Alluka which would make Killua hate him, or kill Killua and have Illumi hate him is the best plan of action. Hisoka is next seen exiting an elevator and going into the room where Teradein Neutral is staying, Hisoka then kills him.",
        "Succession Contest arc": "Chrollo finally accepts to fight Hisoka in a death match at Heavens Arena. As soon as the fight begins, Chrollo activates Shalnark's ability and takes control of the referee, using him to attack Hisoka while, the latter reckons, preparing to stick the second antenna in him. However, the second antenna was a feint and Chrollo kicks down Hisoka, then proceeds to stomp on him. Hisoka frees himself by hurling the referee at him. Chrollo then commands the referee to attack Hisoka again but explodes before the two can make contact thanks to a new ability stolen by Chrollo, who is now also capable of using two abilities at the same time or one without needing to touch his book. Hisoka gets more and more excited as the fight progresses, but feels Chrollo is still holding back. The two then briefly discuss the latter's new abilities, with Hisoka rejoicing due to his opponent's power.Chrollo combines two abilities, Order Stamp and Kortopi's Gallery Fake, to attack Hisoka with a copy of the referee. However, thanks to Chrollo's explanation, Hisoka easily deactivates Order Stamp by beheading the puppet. Chrollo finally shows the last ability he has prepared, Convert Hands. Much to Hisoka's annoyance, before the two can trade blows again, Chrollo reveals that one of his abilities belongs to someone who is already dead. Hisoka instantly realizes it is because the user's Nen has become stronger after his death, and improves his guard. When he learns that, thanks to the creator's resolve, once affixed, the marks of The Sun and Moon will never disappear unless they explode, Hisoka smiles, thinking that could indeed prove problematic. Despite Chrollo claiming that his victory is certain, Hisoka is willing to keep fighting and attacks him. The two end up in the audience, which Chrollo manipulates with Black Voice to attack Hisoka while disguising himself with Convert Hands.Hisoka notices the antennae have disappeared and that Chrollo has already created copies with Gallery Fake. Then, around thirty copies controlled with Order Stamp start attacking him, forcing him to use Bungee Gum to retreat, but the puppets climb on top of each other and reach him. As he retaliates, Chrollo, having stolen someone else's clothes, maneuvers behind Hisoka, who prepares to counter, but is tricked by the opponent's feint and kicked in the nape. As he falls into the crowd of puppets, Hisoka is ecstatic. Struggling not to be overwhelmed, Hisoka begins dispatching the puppets, all the while taking damage from Chrollo's hit-and-run tactic. He anticipates the latter's next move, flinging a severed head at him, but Chrollo dodges and kicks Hisoka, claiming he had seen him prepare the attack. However, Hisoka manages to hit him with a second projectile attached to his foot, replying he knows while coughing up blood.He lands one more hit with the other head, forcing Chrollo to retreat. Unable to give chase, Hisoka disables more puppets and tries to figure out Chrollo's next move basing on whether Order Stamp and Gallery Fake are deactivated. When the stamp disappears from the head of a puppet, Hisoka manages to track down Chrollo in the audience, immobilizing him with Bungee Gum. However, he notices something is off and swiftly attacks him with the head. It is revealed the one he killed was a spectator Chrollo had been controlling with Black Voice and to whom he had given his appearance with Convert Hands. However, as Gallery Fake is still active, Hisoka realizes that the copies on which The Sun and Moon has been affixed will not disappear even if Chrollo is using other abilities. He moves back to the center of the arena, guessing Chrollo will have to launch an assault with all his puppets lest they are mistaken for injured spectators by the rescue personnel. In fact, Chrollo steals the announcer's microphone and orders to \"break Hisoka\", causing all the puppets with the stamp to rush at Hisoka, who proceeds to destroy them using the head as a projectile and by attaching Bungee Gum to multiple puppets and using them as a hammer. Suddenly, however, the head he was gripping explodes in his hand, heavily injuring it and obliterating four of his fingers.Hisoka understands how Chrollo managed to make the head explode and quickly decapitates another puppet. Using Bungee Gum through his legs, he starts walking on the sides of a stand, destroying more puppets from that position before running away. However, he finds multiple explosive puppets waiting for him. Although he survives the explosion, he is blasted in the air towards another stand filled with Chrollo's explosive puppets. The loss of a leg prevents him from escaping to the ceiling, but before he can project Bungee Gum from his other leg, Chrollo throws two spectators at him, causing him to fall back into the ring. As the puppets prepare to attack him, Hisoka prepares for his death and is soon engulfed in an explosion.The next time Hisoka is seen he is, by all means, dead, presented before Kortopi, Shalnark, and Machi; his face is extremely disfigured by the explosion, with one of the three wondering why he did not suffer more damage. Shalnark explains that he used a large portion of the puppets as a \"meat shield\" so to speak, protecting him from the bulk of the explosion, but ultimately causing him to die from suffocation. Shalnark and Kortopi leave after Machi says that she'll stay to tend to his wounds. Closing his eyes before attempting to stitch up his neck, Machi is shocked to see his aura re-emerge from his body; she mistakenly believes this to be his Nen preserving after his death before it is revealed that he used Bungee Gum to restart his heart and lungs after his demise.Greeting her rather cheerfully after coming back to life, she confirms that he was indeed dead for some time, after which Hisoka admits that fighting someone of Chrollo's league and hundreds of Nen puppets at the same time was more than he could chew, referring to the experience as a \"wake up call\" as a result. He then proceeds to mend and hide his wounds, whilst simultaneously replacing his missing arm and leg using Bungee Gum and Texture Surprise. After saying that his next opponents won't have a choice in where and who they fight, he restrains Machi using Bungee Gum before he leaves, telling her that he shall kill all members of the Phantom Troupe. Struggling to get out, she shouts and swears at Hisoka, saying she'll kill him herself, before Hisoka makes his exit.The next time Hisoka is seen, Shalnark had just come off of the phone with Chrollo, discussing plans to board the Kakin Empire Royal Family's ship and steal their valuables. While Shalnark is wondering what's taking Kortopi so long in the bathroom, Hisoka walks out instead. Shocked, Shalnark runs towards him before Hisoka throws Kortopi's severed head at him. After catching it, Shalnark cries out in shock before Hisoka lands an extremely powerful attack on his head, killing him. Shalnark's mangled body is then seen tied to a swing with Kortopi's severed head in front of him and crows gathering around their corpses.In the Tier 5 central dining hall, Phinks, Franklin, Nobunaga, and Feitan detain and question three members of the Buor Family. Phinks tells them that their mission from now on is to find everyone taller than 6'2\" and get their room numbers. In a crowded area on Tier 5, Chrollo and Machi argue over who will kill Hisoka. When Machi suggests deciding it with a coin flip, Chrollo reminds her that coins are for disputes between two individuals, emphasizing that everyone wants to kill Hisoka now. He tells Machi to find Hisoka, confident that he is on the Black Whale.Two days later, every current member of the Phantom Troupe meets in the Tier 5 central dining hall. Chrollo explains that they don't know which tier Hisoka is on and that they have been searching for someone taller than 6'2\" on Tier 5. He then asks Illumi, the newest member, to introduce himself and explain what Hisoka might be doing. Illumi replies that he hasn't heard since the two of them are in the middle of a game of tag. He then reveals that he joined the Troupe on Hisoka's commission and that while the two have a give-and-take relationship, they knew one of them would kill the other eventually. He adds that the target Hisoka commissioned is himself and that their \"prenup\" stipulates that if Hisoka dies, Illumi will get paid. Finally, he says that they are both taking it seriously and that he doesn't know Hisoka's location.After yielding to several members from the Cha-R Family, Chrollo tells them that their top priority is finding someone called Hisoka, giving his height and adding that he has a sinister vibe. The Mafia member replies that they can check the Royal Army's passenger list, but he adds that it's not a guarantee since there are unofficial passengers. After the Troupe walks away, Phinks is intrigued by the possibility of treasure on Tier 1, but Chrollo reminds him that Hisoka is their first priority. He tells each member to act as they please and that once they have a centerpiece, they will come back together and dine at that table. After Chrollo orders them to bring him Hisoka's head, the Troupe members go their separate ways.However, Shizuku and Bonolenov quickly catch up to Chrollo and ask if they can team up. Chrollo emphasizes that he will be the one to kill Hisoka, and Shizuku agrees with his terms, explaining that her and Bonolenov's abilities don't work well against Hisoka's Bungee Gum. Chrollo says that he will attack Hisoka as soon as he sees them, asking what they plan to do. Shizuku says that she will look for Hisoka in disguise , and Bonolenov reveals that he can transform his appearance with Battle Cantabile: Metamorphosen. However, he adds that he isn't smart enough to come up with a plan, asking Chrollo for help. Chrollo then tells him that there's something he wants him to do.On Tier 1, the bosses of the Xi-Yu and Cha-R families  order their respective underbosses  to find Hisoka before the Spiders do. Ken'i tells one of his subordinates to gather the group leaders and offer ten million to anyone with useful information. He then tells him to offer ten million to anyone who finds Hisoka, and another ten million to the leader of that area, reminding him to use his connections among the workers. The subordinate points out that Hisoka is a Floor Master at Heavens Arena, and Ken'i guesses that he has a score to settle with the leader of the Spiders. The subordinate is unsure that they can capture Hisoka, and Ken'i calls him an idiot, saying that no one asked him to do that and reminding him just to find Hisoka so that he can take care of the rest.Hinrigh addresses his subordinates and tells them to get the manifest and search the list of single male passengers. He tells them to also look through families of more than three, including children and the elderly. Connelly wonders about the latter list, and Hinrigh explains that Hisoka could be vigilant and taking precautions. He adds that Hisoka is most likely stowed away, telling Connelly to ask the Queen to get the soldiers to do a round of ID and ticket verification. Like Ken'i, Hinrigh tells his subordinate to find Hisoka so that he can take care of the rest.On Tier 5, Nobunaga wonders why Phinks and Feitan are coming with him to get his katana from the warehouse. Feitan reminds him that even he acknowledges Hisoka's abilities and that they have to go all in. Phinks agrees and says that they can't give Hisoka any ray of hope.After recovering their katana and umbrella, the three find the warehouse guards gone before seeing a trail of blood on the floor. One of them says that they would have noticed if it was Hisoka's Bungee Gum since the corpse would have been pulled up and over their heads. Feitan explains that it isn't Hisoka since the wound was made by something bigger and shoddier than a card.In the Tier 5 central dining hall, Franklin is seen eating by himself when several Cha-R members approach him. Ittoku, the family's consigliere, asks him if he is going to find Hisoka. Franklin explains that he doesn't waste effort and that if he sits and waits, Hisoka will come find him. Ittoku asks if Hisoka is the one who killed the warehouse guards, and Franklin replies that he doesn't know, assuring Ittoku that it wasn't the Troupe. Ittoku then wonders if they boarded the ship just for Hisoka, and Franklin points out that they are still bandits, adding that they won't take any further steps until they kill Hisoka.In the Cha-R's office on Tier 5, Phinks explains to Tajao that they are looking for someone called Hisoka, adding that since he wasn't on Tier 5, they want to search the higher tiers. He promises to eliminate the hitman if they can get permission from the Xi-Yu.Three days later, Onior tells Hinrigh to keep searching for Hisoka since they need to control the Spiders. Hinrigh confirms that they didn't find Hisoka on Tier 4, and Onior tells him to give the Spiders permission to search Tier 4. He then tells Hinrigh to search for Hisoka on Tier 3. Hinrigh teams up with Zakuro and Lynch to find Hisoka, with Zakuro planning to use his ability again.As the passengers on Tier 3 scream and run away in terror from the two decapitated soldiers, Zakuro says that they will keep looking for Hisoka as planned. Hinrigh tells Zakuro and Lynch to contact him first before doing anything if they find Hisoka. He adds that he plans to track down one of the Heil-Ly members while looking for others.After reaching an empty corridor with Lynch, Zakuro uses his ability and causes numerous drops of blood to move along the wall. Lynch says that she will never get used to how gross it is, but Zakuro is disappointed by her reaction, adding that each drop is doing its best to find Hisoka. Lynch plucks one of them from the wall and tries to squeeze it, wondering how to kill them. Zakuro asks why she would want to kill one, revealing that they will run out of Nen in 30 to 40 minutes and turn back to normal blood. Lynch returns to their mission and asks if all she needs to do is punch the information out of anyone suspicious that the drops find. Zakuro replies that she asks the same thing every time and doesn't pay much attention to him.Elsewhere on Tier 3, Zakuro's drops of blood continue their search for Hisoka. A drop spots a tall man with dark skin, and Zakuro confirms that they found another one, leading Lynch to the target. Lynch asks if he is Hisoka, but the man is left confused by the question. She repeats herself, and as he begins to say that she has the wrong guy, Lynch punches him in the midsection to use her ability, causing his inner soul to say that he is not. As his two friends check on him and threaten to call the authorities, Lynch says that they are dead if they get in the way of the Xi-Yu's manhunt, telling them to come by their hideout on Tier 4 and offering to compensate them.When Zakuro finds another target, Lynch wonders why they can't simply ignore the ones who look weak since they're obviously not Hisoka. Zakuro reminds her that they don't even know what kind of ability he has, and Lynch realizes that if he has the ability to alter his height, their entire plan is pointless. Zakuro points out the target in a crowded area, and it's a man appearing to be Hisoka with his hair let down and no makeup. After they follow him to an empty corridor, Lynch asks if he is Hisoka. He wonders who she is, and Lynch replies with her name before asking for his again and then appearing to punch him. However, Lynch suddenly falls to the floor as Zakuro watches in terror. Hisoka apologizes and says that his counter was simply a reflex, asking Zakuro what he wants. With sweat running down his face and his voice trembling, Zakuro realizes that he must be Hisoka given how overwhelming his aura is and how easily he subdued Lynch, asking him to confirm his identity. However, Hisoka calmly says that he's asking the questions now, and Zakuro nervously replies that while they weren't told the details, the Mafia is searching for him, asking him to come with them if he wants to know more. Hisoka puts on a menacing smirk and terrifies Zakuro even more. \"Hisoka\" in truth was really Bonolenov and he proceeded to knock Zakuro out and disguise himself as him next. While in disguise Bonolenov asked Lynch if she was aware of \"Hisoka\" being a fake to which she confirmed, forcing him to kill her and disguise as her next.Elsewhere on the ship, Tsudonke regroups with several Cha-R members and tells himself that he needs to look out for a suspicious man over 190 cm , saying that he has four days to find Hisoka so that he can ask for autograph paper as his reward. A Cha-R member tells Ken'i that someone clashed with the Xi-Yu in Area E's plaza, adding that Hinrigh was apparently involved. After saying that they will head there now, Ken'i addresses Tsudonke and his men, telling them to look for more information up to Area C if necessary and to report their findings to the Troupe back at the office. Once the four members leave, Ken'i worries about the Troupe staying back at the office, having hoped that they would split up once they started their search of Tier 4. He adds that they are smart enough to wait for the Heil-Ly hitman to arrive since he has already fulfilled the marking condition of his ability. He also praises their assessment of the three Mafia families and their realization that the key to finding Hisoka was using hitmen. He then wonders if it's better to leave the Troupe to the Heil-Ly and to focus on finding Hisoka.Ken'i then remembers Ittoku's words about the Troupe planning to loot Tier 1 after they kill Hisoka, unsure of all the variables involved and advising him to eliminate them one at a time. After telling himself that Hisoka should be their first priority, he addresses several Cha-R members and says that the Xi-Yu will have an advantage if the civilian they encountered was Hisoka. He stresses that finding Hisoka is their top priority and that they will use him to crush both the Heil-Ly and the Troupe in order to maintain balance. He reminds them that they know nothing of the Heil-Ly besides their boss and orders them not to approach Hisoka until he arrives, adding that he was a Floor Master at Heavens Arena. He says that if he or Hinrigh successfully negotiates with him, they can simply sit back while the Troupe and Heil-Ly fight each other. Ken'i then says to himself that if Hisoka is capable of destroying the Troupe, it would be much easier to let them fight each other. However, he worries about Hisoka's unpredictable nature and mentions that based on the footage of his fights at Heavens Arena, he seems to prefer stacking the deck against himself.After killing Luini, Nobunaga declares that they have decided to destroy the Heil-Ly Family. Feitan thanks the Cha-R for their hospitality and says that the other door can wait. Phinks adds that while they plan to continue their search for Hisoka, any information on the Heil-Ly and the location of their boss will let them take care of that problem first.On Tier 3, Zakuro wakes up beside a pile of boxes and trash bags. Bonolenov  asks if Hisoka knocked him unconscious as well, and Zakuro says that he's just happy to be alive, asking where he went. \"Lynch\" replies that he was gone when she woke up, adding that it was definitely Hisoka and asking what happened after she passed out. Zakuro explains that after Hisoka invited him to the movies and asked what he wanted to watch, he lost consciousness the moment he took his eyes off him. Lynch then suggests reporting the situation to Hinrigh since they are clearly outmatched. At the cinema complex, Hinrigh is accompanied by several Xi-Yu members and tells Zakuro that he should return since they don't want Hisoka to think he's there for revenge. He tells his men that they will clear one auditorium at a time, and Zakuro says that he will regroup with \"Lynch\" and look for the Troupe's leader. Hinrigh wonders if he can handle it, and Zakuro is confident that he will help them once they emphasize the need for balance and give him Hisoka's location in exchange for wiping out the Heil-Ly.In auditorium #8, Hinrigh sits down next to \"Hisoka\"  as the rest of the audience quietly walks past several Xi-Yu members. When Hisoka doesn't answer the question about his identity, Hinrigh moves on to a request and asks if he could spend his time in Tier 1 until the conflict with the Heil-Ly and Cha-R is resolved, offering him a room in the VVIP area. Hisoka wonders why, and Hinrigh explains that the Cha-R and Troupe have joined forces against the Heil-Ly and that their family is working with the Cha-R to destroy the Heil-Ly. He warns Hisoka that if he starts a fight with the Troupe, they will have no choice but to consider him an enemy. Hisoka replies that he doesn't mind since he likes chaos, but Hinrigh reveals that he would prefer not to fight them since he knows the Mafia would have no chance against him or the Troupe.Hinrigh emphasizes the importance of balance and tells Hisoka to be patient while the Cha-R and Troupe destroy the Heil-Ly, assuring him that they won't come between him and the Troupe. Hisoka then asks who he thinks will win between himself and the Troupe, and Hinrigh apologizes before saying that he would support the Spiders. Hisoka asks for his favorite member, and Hinrigh replies that he likes all of them, asking Hisoka for his and causing him to laugh and mention that he likes honest people. Hisoka extends his hand to take the VVIP pass but quickly pulls it back. He explains that he won't refuse a fight with the Troupe if they attack him first, and Hinrigh agrees to the deal.After Gateaume's doppelg\u00e4nger vanishes from Room 3101, Ken'i reminds Hinrigh that he has already found Hisoka and suggests that they send the Troupe to eliminate the Heil-Ly at their hideout.Later, Phinks reminds Nobunaga that the Mafia issue is just a sideshow until they find Hisoka. Nobunaga points out that they need to secure a route to the upper tiers so they can complete their search, adding that Franklin joining them will improve their chances if they happen to find him. Phinks realizes that his reasoning makes it more likely that he's obsessed with the Heil-Ly. Nobunaga admits that one of the members seemed interesting, with Feitan telling Nobunaga that he likes the enemy too much.On the eleventh day of the voyage, Hisoka plays \"SQ-X\" at a poker table in the Tier 1 casino. Spectators discuss the rules of the poker variant as Hisoka asks for another draw twice, then calls and reveals his hand: two A\u2660, two 3\u2665, one 3\u2666, one 3\u2660, and one 3\u2663. He moves around and thinks about his sexual tastes for battle, pausing to take a spin at the jackpot but leaving before claiming his prize for rolling triple sevens. He thinks about how normal his tastes are, since he was not aroused by the Chimera Ants extermination, since they were ants. Similarly, he was turned off by finding out that the tremendous rumbling he felt a number of times there was a group ability made possible through the support of a Nen Beast created with the power of a ceremony. He reassures himself that he was normal, unable to be aroused by bestiality or an orgy; just a guy who wants to be with someone one-on-one as they love each other to death. He thinks about dancing with and breaking a doll, but then moves on from his sadness at being unable to battle and thinks about how he can always \"play solitaire\". Unbeknownst to him, Bonolenov spots him walking around the casino while disguised as him and quickly heads to the bathroom to transform into someone else. While keeping in mind Chrollo's request for him to change into Hisoka, the reasons for transforming into Hisoka, and the warnings given about being discovered by Hisoka, Bonolenov transforms into Owl, the Shadow Beast.On the twelfth day of the voyage, sometime before Halkenburg's funeral procession, Hinrigh and Zakuro discover Lynch's corpse and bring it back with them. As they walk through Tier 3, they try to figure out what happened, and arrive at the conclusion that Lynch had come across someone disguised as Hisoka and discovered that he was a fake through her ability and had been killed, Zakuro had been left alive to let the rest of them know that Hisoka had been found, and that the person disguised as Hisoka was someone who was looking for Hisoka and did not want the mafia to disappear, and disguised as Hisoka with the expectation that the mafia would hide that fact and give permission to their side to search for Hisoka in vain, though they are aware that their theory is currently nothing more than a deduction based on assumption."
    },
    "Equipment": {
        "Playing Cards": "Hisoka's weapon of choice is a set of ordinary French playing cards, which he uses in combat to lethal effects by wielding or throwing them in conjunction with his Shu. The cards have white borders, with a checkered pattern composed by small, light and dark fuchsia squares."
    },
    "Abilities & Powers": {
        "Description": "Hisoka has all the benefits granted by his status as a Hunter. Notorious for his graceful, cruel, and deceitful fighting ability, which has earned him the rank of Floor Master, he has proven to be a deadly adversary. His tremendous physical abilities and combat skill make him extremely dangerous in a bout, and his expertise in Nen, tactical genius, and flexibility allow him to swiftly adapt to changes in circumstances. Among the opponents he has defeated is the Single-Star Blacklist Hunter Bushidora, killing the latter without suffering any injury himself. He has expressed dissatisfaction with the power level of most Pro Hunters, which led him to consider fighting the Zodiacs to find a new challenge, and in fact, he was able to effortlessly dispatch multiple Hunters in a short span of time. Illumi Zoldyck, who was estimated by the magician to be even more formidable than some Zodiacs, was wary of crossing Hisoka, and even the leader of the infamous Phantom Troupe deemed it prudent to prepare a strategy and gather Nen abilities before facing him to ensure his victory, declaring Hisoka set a new record for the number of abilities he ever needed to kill someone.Hisoka is also a skilled magician and often uses Nen to perform his tricks. His skills in misdirection and amazing dexterity find applications in combat, their combination allowing him to triumph against Kastro. The latter talent also enabled him to catch Togari's spinning knives on the first try, whereas their owner required six months to do so. Furthermore, Hisoka has a certain degree of informatic proficiency, which he used to track Gon and Killua down after they bought blimp tickets online. By forming a circle with his index finger and thumb and peeking through it, he can enhance his vision. It is unknown if this technique is achieved with Nen, or if Hisoka can merely improve his eyesight by concentrating. Hisoka's zest for battle often causes him to suffer more damage than he would if he fought seriously from the start. In fact, his willingness to let Chrollo pick the location and time of their showdown, as well as to adapt to his pace in its early stages, nearly led to his demise. Recognizing the threat Hisoka poses, Chrollo is very cautious about facing him again and seeks to acquire rare and powerful Nen abilities to improve his chances of victory against Hisoka.Hisoka is a Transmuter endowed with a powerful, sinister aura that disquieted Wing and Gon even after the latter learned Nen. He manifests his high level of proficiency in his natural category primarily through his Nen ability, Bungee Gum, but he has also shown to be very proficient at controlling the shape of his aura, which is a Transmutation skill. This aptitude may be what allows him to extend strands of elastic aura over distances of several meters without flinging them, which makes its application more subtle. He is also well-versed in Conjuration, the Nen type of his second ability, as well as Emission and, seemingly, Enhancement. He utilizes the former to maintain aura around projectiles as well as in conjunction with Bungee Gum, to separate the ability from his body.His affinity for Enhancement manifests primarily as a remarkable level of durability. Hisoka survived multiple Nen-enhanced strikes from Kastro, an Enhancer, without using his aura to defend. Although he was briefly stunned, Hisoka took no visible damage from most of Chrollo's attacks, one of which can allegedly behead a person with a knife-hand strike, despite Hisoka having been unable to predict them and thus to guard properly. He seems to have resorted to Manipulation on one occasion, exploiting the boost enjoyed by Nen after death to impart an automatic command to his Bungee Gum.Aside from Hatsu, Hisoka is capable of using at least Ren, Gyo, and Ken, which allowed him to survive multiple explosions of The Sun and Moon set off in his proximity, although one of his legs was severely mangled. Like many other high-level Nen users, he can maintain a state of Ten at all times. It is also likely that he is proficient at Zetsu and Ko. The two techniques he employs with the greatest frequency are Shu and especially In. With Shu his poker cards can easily cut through bone and concrete even while he is not holding them. When he applied it to a severed human head, it carried so much force that it pulverized other heads it came in contact with, incapacitated several puppets with a single throw and injured a Nen user of Chrollo Lucilfer's caliber without being damaged in the least, whereas it would break immediately if not enveloped in aura. If Hisoka favors Shu for direct attacks, In is at the core of his strategies, as he combines the technique with Bungee Gum to lay elaborate, deadly traps.Hisoka's Nen prowess if further supported by his knowledge of more abstract notions, such as Nen becoming stronger after death and Exorcism. He also came up with the concept of \"Memory Overload\" and a system to divine an individual's Nen type from their personality, which, despite him calling it unreliable, has proven correct several times.",
        "Preternatural Perception": "Hisoka has proven to be able to sense not only the presence, but also the position of people hidden with Zetsu, even Kalluto's, whose execution of the technique was described as \"flawless\". In response to Nobunaga's befuddlement, Hisoka attributed his feat to the lingering sensitivity from the competition against Razor. His ability to gauge an individual talent and raw power is so refined that he has been able to create a point-based system to quantify them. Although he generally glances at someone to determine their strength, he ranked Illumi without even seeing or recognizing him beforehand. Nonetheless, he was unable to notice that Gon was tailing him during the Hunter Exam even before lapsing into a murder frenzy, due to the boy being in a state of Zetsu and possibly because he was not particularly hostile towards him until the moment he made his move when Hisoka's own bloodlust masked his.",
        "Immense Strength": "Hisoka boasts astounding brawn, ranking third in the Phantom Troupe in arm-wrestling. When one of his kicks missed Gon, he sent a flagstone of the ring crashing explosively into the audience stands. He can effortlessly lift five human puppets with one hand and swing them around with enough force to destroy them and all other bodies they come in contact with, and instantly twist off a human head with a single hand. In the dodgeball game Hisoka was able to throw the ball with such force that Razor's Nen puppets were forced to combine to block it, despite them being capable of redirecting Razor's passes which, after their power waned, retained enough momentum to incapacitate Tsezguerra. He was also able to withstand the force of the ball launched by Gon with Rock and returned by Razor while catching it with Bungee Gum.",
        "Immense Speed and Reflexes": "During the Hunter Exam, Hisoka dispatched dozens of applicants in seconds, and disappeared from Leorio's and, more remarkably, Gon's sight at close quarters. When he fought the boy at the Heavens Arena, he could move so quickly that Gon was unable to get his body to react in time. He avoided all of Kastro's strikes while the latter was not using his double, and even after he lost both arms the clone was unable to land a single hit on him when it attacked by itself. He has demonstrated to be as reactive to projectiles when he effortlessly grabbed a pair of spinning knives thrown at him by a Hunter, caught Gotoh's bullet-fast coins with Bungee Gum, dodged a shot ball thrown by Razor and succeeded in blocking it when it was redirected moments afterward. He offered further proof of his swiftness against multiple foes when he fended off the throng of puppets sent after him by Chrollo.",
        "Enhanced Agility": "Hisoka is exceptionally acrobatic, a skill which he uses to recover his balance and respond to attacks quickly. He can defend from disadvantageous positions without losing his balance.",
        "Enhanced Stamina": "Hisoka was able to complete a long-distance run of more than 80 kilometers long, taking place on uneven terrains such as ascending stairs and a swamp, without breaking a sweat. He did not show the slightest sign of physical or mental exhaustion after his fight against Kastro or the dodgeball match against Razor, or at any point during his taxing showdown against Chrollo.",
        "Immense Endurance": "Hisoka appears to be impervious to pain. He was only momentarily stunned when Kastro and Chrollo landed critical blows on him. He was unaffected by breaking ten fingers and, more impressively, by having one hand and one foot blown off or by the loss of two arms, to the point he stuck his fingers in his open wound to retrieve a card. However, his high threshold can backfire, as he failed to notice one of his legs was maimed in his fight against Chrollo.",
        "Genius-Level Intellect": "Hisoka is an expert tactician and schemer with excellent analytical abilities. Though at great personal risk, he succeeded in manipulating the Spiders into staying in Yorknew so he could fight Chrollo, and to forge a fake prophecy, minutes if not seconds, after receiving the original, perfectly replicating its style. While on Greed Island he managed to trick Killua, although both he and Biscuit remained suspicious of him. His aptitude at reading others' character and at finding common traits allowed him to create a personality-based system to determine Nen types, and, although he admits it is unreliable, he has been correct every time he was seen resorting to it.",
        "Master Strategist": "Hisoka is an exceptional strategist who can formulate winning plans at the very start of a confrontation. He frequently puts up an outlandish or even arrogant act to fool his opponents into believing he is being careless, whereas, in reality, he is laying traps. He excels not only at planning ahead, but also at picking apart enemy strategies, compiling all the available information, and coming up with multiple hypotheses in mere seconds and in the heat of battle, as well as rapidly adapting to new developments.",
        "Master Hand-to-Hand Combatant": "Hisoka is a force to be reckoned with at close range, even without his cards or Bungee Gum. Cherry, whom Tonpa regarded as the most skilled unarmed combatant in the 287th Hunter Exam, acknowledged the enormous gap in technique between the two of them, and he easily dodged every attack from Goz. He single-handedly outmatched Gon in close quarters combat and repelled all of his offensives without moving from his spot until the boy resorted to a diversion. Even after the loss of both arms, he avoided every strike of Kastro's double while casually talking to the ability user and throwing glances in his direction, and despite Kastro being a martial artist reputed to be on par with a Floor Master. Hisoka has also proven time and time again to be capable of fighting back whole crowds.",
        "Master Weapon Specialist": "With the aid of Shu, Hisoka can turn his cards into mortal edge weapons or projectiles. He employs them to instantly kill the opponent by targeting their vital spots, generally the throat, but also to incapacitate them by severing their tendons. While wielding one with only two fingers, he can sever an adult men's arms in one motion. He can throw them with deadly accuracy and speed, and also incorporate them in surprise attacks with Bungee Gum. He also displayed proficiency with flail-like weapons by swinging an aura-coated human head connected to his hand via his elastic aura, as well as with knives.",
        "Master of Stealth": "Hisoka managed to spy on Killua undetected by him as well as, seemingly, Amane and Tsubone. He assisted Illumi without being discovered by the Hunter Association and seemingly killed Teradein while the latter was at his desk.",
        "Nen": {
            "Description": "Hisoka is a Transmuter endowed with a powerful, sinister aura that disquieted Wing and Gon even after the latter learned Nen. He manifests his high level of proficiency in his natural category primarily through his Nen ability, Bungee Gum, but he has also shown to be very proficient at controlling the shape of his aura, which is a Transmutation skill. This aptitude may be what allows him to extend strands of elastic aura over distances of several meters without flinging them, which makes its application more subtle. He is also well-versed in Conjuration, the Nen type of his second ability, as well as Emission and, seemingly, Enhancement. He utilizes the former to maintain aura around projectiles as well as in conjunction with Bungee Gum, to separate the ability from his body.His affinity for Enhancement manifests primarily as a remarkable level of durability. Hisoka survived multiple Nen-enhanced strikes from Kastro, an Enhancer, without using his aura to defend. Although he was briefly stunned, Hisoka took no visible damage from most of Chrollo's attacks, one of which can allegedly behead a person with a knife-hand strike, despite Hisoka having been unable to predict them and thus to guard properly. He seems to have resorted to Manipulation on one occasion, exploiting the boost enjoyed by Nen after death to impart an automatic command to his Bungee Gum.Aside from Hatsu, Hisoka is capable of using at least Ren, Gyo, and Ken, which allowed him to survive multiple explosions of The Sun and Moon set off in his proximity, although one of his legs was severely mangled. Like many other high-level Nen users, he can maintain a state of Ten at all times. It is also likely that he is proficient at Zetsu and Ko. The two techniques he employs with the greatest frequency are Shu and especially In. With Shu his poker cards can easily cut through bone and concrete even while he is not holding them. When he applied it to a severed human head, it carried so much force that it pulverized other heads it came in contact with, incapacitated several puppets with a single throw and injured a Nen user of Chrollo Lucilfer's caliber without being damaged in the least, whereas it would break immediately if not enveloped in aura. If Hisoka favors Shu for direct attacks, In is at the core of his strategies, as he combines the technique with Bungee Gum to lay elaborate, deadly traps.Hisoka's Nen prowess if further supported by his knowledge of more abstract notions, such as Nen becoming stronger after death and Exorcism. He also came up with the concept of \"Memory Overload\" and a system to divine an individual's Nen type from their personality, which, despite him calling it unreliable, has proven correct several times.",
            "Bungee Gum": {
                "Description": "Hisoka's main ability allows him to make his aura sticky and elastic. Its extreme durability, flexibility, and adhesive properties make it an exceptionally versatile ability with several offensive, defensive, and supplementary applications. He can activate it from his fingers, hands, and feet. He can attach it both through physical contact and remotely, by extending it towards the target, which makes it very difficult to avoid. He can give it the command to contract at will, and it snaps back with greater force the more it is stretched. It is so resilient that it did not tear after absorbing the full force of a ball hurled by Gon with Rock, or several of Gotoh's coins, which makes it an effective way of returning projectiles to the sender.Offensively, Bungee Gum can be used to pull the opponent towards Hisoka or to create flail-like weapons. He can also separate it from his body, in which case it will tear after a maximum stretch of 10 meters. He most commonly detaches it from his body to attach projectiles to his opponent, such as his Shu-enhanced cards, while concealing it with In. The combination of the latter technique and Bungee Gum allows Hisoka to lay multi-layered traps that spring all at once, killing the unsuspecting opponent in a flash. He has also emitted it to restrain individuals as powerful as Machi.Bungee Gum also has a wide range of auxiliary applications. Hisoka can attach it to a solid surface to retreat at extreme speed when the need arises. By using it on his feet, he can adhere to the ground or run on walls. It is also useful for sticking objects in place for traps or to keep hold of them, even after throwing them. By covering a wound with it, he can instantly stop hemorrhages. On one occasion, he enveloped his lungs and heart with it so it would resuscitate him. By creating non-adhesive aura, he can also replace missing limbs, which can coil like a spring to propel himself at tremendous velocity.",
                "Type": "Transmutation"
            },
            "Texture Surprise": {
                "Description": "Hisoka can apply his aura to any smooth, flat surface, such as paper or cloth, and manifest imagery on it to change its appearance and texture for deception. He can replicate over one thousand different textures. He has tricked Nen users of the Spiders' caliber with this ability, with none of them realizing he had used it, either by sight or by touch. Against Kastro, he utilized Texture Surprise to hide his wounds and confuse him. It can also be applied to pure aura, such as Hisoka's Bungee Gum, to alter his own appearance. Since no aura is detectable once Texture Surprise is active, whether through eyesight, touch, or extrasensorial perception, its effects are also visible to individuals unable to use Nen, it is safe to assume Texture Surprise is a Conjuration ability, which is further supported by its requiring Hisoka's direct action to be dispelled and by a verb used in its description.",
                "Type": "Conjuration"
            }
        }
    },
    "Quotes": [
        {
            "Quote": "Don't worry, I'm done with him.\u2660 He's alive, and he's passed.\u2665 As haveyou.\u2665 You'll make a good Hunter.\u2663",
            "Emotion": "caring",
            "Tone": "protective"
        },
        {
            "Quote": "I'll wait.\u2666 And when the fruit is ripe, I'llpluckit.\u2665",
            "Emotion": "neutral",
            "Tone": "protective"
        },
        {
            "Quote": "Don't look at me like that!\u2660 You're making me all...excited!\u2665",
            "Emotion": "excitement",
            "Tone": "teasing"
        },
        {
            "Quote": "There will be no rules or points next time.\u2660 It'll be life or death.\u2660",
            "Emotion": "optimism",
            "Tone": "threatening"
        },
        {
            "Quote": "I've just had averyfun battle.\u2665 The rush has left me...sensitized.\u2663 To soothe my arousal I wouldn't mind ravaging someone I don't know, see?",
            "Emotion": "joy",
            "Tone": "teasing"
        },
        {
            "Quote": "My aura has qualities of bothgumandrubber.\u2665",
            "Emotion": "neutral",
            "Tone": "cocky"
        },
        {
            "Quote": "I'm so happy, Chrollo...\u2665 You make me feel so good...\u2665",
            "Emotion": "joy",
            "Tone": "sincere"
        },
        {
            "Quote": "Two down... Ten to go...\u266a",
            "Emotion": "neutral",
            "Tone": "sarcastic"
        },
        {
            "Quote": "I'm just a guy who wants to be with someone, one-on-one, so we can love each other to death.\u2666",
            "Emotion": "love",
            "Tone": "protective"
        }
    ]
}